There is a secret between you
Du Chen, don't talk nonsense
You were just lucky.
I'm sure you won't keep earning
little mother
You don't plan to ask for this money, do you?
Just treat this money as if I lent it to your head office
little mother
Could it be that you are going to use this money to engage in real estate?
You know it all, mom
I can lend you this money.
But I must have something as collateral
Do you want
Don't you know what I want to do?
Don't get headaches in traffic jams
So people will say that I take advantage of people's danger?
I still say that
When you figure it out, you can come to me anytime
shameless
You came just in time
Inform Zhou Ziyu to transfer Sun Yuehong 2 billion
As far as I know, Du Feiyun will also participate in the auction
Are we spinning by doing this?
If I say
Xicheng District will be included in the new urban construction project
Do you believe it or not?
Xicheng District
But didn't the news say Dongcheng District?
Do as I say and leave the rest alone.
I will notify Mr. Zhou now.